# rainfocus
This page layout reflects examples of information and interactions we use inside each of our products. We would like you to **build this single static page using HTML and SASS compiled CSS (please provide sass folder).** We use Material Design icons on our products, most of the designs icons can be found on the Material Design icon site. Examples of components we use in our products and in this design include navigation, tabular data, icons, buttons, and more. The page should be **full width on a normal desktop and responsive down to 320px.** The **tabular data should be scrollable on mobile with a minimum width of 600px on small screens.** Layout on mobile is to be determined by you but should look and function well.

With this test we are looking to see where your front end development skills are at. While we do utilize some bootstrap in our site, we’d like you to create this page **using your own customized grid using percentages** (do not use bootstrap for the grid layout). Once completed, please send us the finished product as a **zip file named “RainFocus UI - FIRST/LAST NAME”. Finished product should include all files associated with the assignment (html, css, sass, svgs, image/s).** If you are invited to come in for a team interview, we’ll have you update this page with minor edits like font sizes, colors, or widths to see how you work.

As a bonus to this page, if you choose to do so, include a **single modal that is activated by clicking the "Badge Output" edit pencil icon.** Bootstrap may be used for the modal. Content for the modal should **include a header, lorem ipsum body paragraphs, and a footer that has a submit and cancel button.**

If you have any questions about these instructions, please reach out to me via email. We appreciate you taking the time to complete this assignment.
